Update Detailed Explanation for useCallback Hook in React Documentation usecallback@2zrN65JZhCyNimi33g78f.md (#6237)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/react/content/usecallback@2zrN65JZhCyNimi33g78f.md

# useCallback

> `useCallback` is a React hook that returns a memoized version of a callback function. It's used to optimize performance by preventing unnecessary re-renders. Specifically, it helps avoid recreating functions when their dependencies haven't changed, which can be useful when passing callbacks to child components that rely on referential equality to prevent re-rendering.
> 
> For further reading, check out:
> - [React Documentation on useCallback](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usecallback)
> - [useCallback Explained in Depth](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/usememo-and-usecallback)
> - [useCallback Hook: An Introductory Guide](https://dmitripavlutin.com/dont-overuse-react-usecallback/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useCallback` is a React hook that returns a memoized version of a callback function. It's used to optimize performance by preventing unnecessary re-renders. Specifically, it helps avoid recreating functions when their dependencies haven't changed, which can be useful when passing callbacks to child components that rely on referential equality to prevent re-rendering.

Visit the following resources to learn more:

- [React Documentation on useCallback](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-reference.html#usecallback)
- [useCallback Explained in Depth](https://kentcdodds.com/blog/usememo-and-usecallback)
- [useCallback Hook: An Introductory Guide](https://dmitripavlutin.com/dont-overuse-react-usecallback/)
```
